hi I'm Jodi with bass club Chicago and
today I'm going to be demoing a recent
arrival to the bass Club and that is a
use six-string neck-through su cot bass
as you can see it has a beautiful burl
maple top with a mahogany body has a
five-piece neck with maple and Purple
Heart that goes through the body it has
go toe to nur's it also has a burl maple
cap at the headstock to match the body
brass nut 24-fret Eponine fretboard
compound radius it also has the
bartolini pickups in it with you I'm
sure you notice the ramp in between the
pickups which is just held on right now
with a double sided tape so you can
easily take it off if it's something
that you don't like it has the audio
preamp and the controls are volume
pickup pan and then you have to stack
knobs here with treble boost cut and
it's got a high mid frequency and then
the other one is based bass boost and
cut with a low mid high free low mid
frequency boosting cut and then you also
have your 3-way z mode switch which I'll
put a link to the audio website so you
can go in a little more in-depth on what
the three presets on the switch are all
about so I'm just going to go through
some different bass grooves and settings
on the EQ so you can get a better sense
of what this bass sounds like I'll start
with my pickups balanced evenly and I'm
going to give it a little bit of bass
boost and a little bit of trouble boost
and my Z mode switch is set in the
middle which is your mid Z frequency so
here we go
well hopefully now you've got a better
sense of what the soup hops six-string
bass is all about we can special-order
soup basis if you're interested in
specking one out we also have high
resolution photos on our website if you
have any further questions be sure to
shoot us an email or give us a call be
sure to follow us on Twitter and
Facebook and subscribe to our YouTube
channel and that's it